Niantic provides you with the information you need to interact with.
1. Niantic.
1. Who decides how your personal data is used?
provide you with the service.
you provide us with information about your age and the in-app username you choose to use on our Services.
Google uses your personal data for advertising.
If you link your Nintendo account to the Services, you will collect your email address on file with your Apple ID account or a private relayed email address if you use the Hide My Email option provided by Apple.  If you link your Nintendo account to the Services, you will collect your PTC registered email address, your PTC username, your PTC date of birth, and a unique PTC user ID. If you are registering your PTC account on behalf of your authorized child, you will also collect some Personal Data about your child. See Section 8 (“Children”) for more information.
if you are a parent of a child, you may collect personal data about your child.
Depending on the service you sign up for, we may collect additional personal data from external providers.
use your data for the service.
the service can use your personal data for other purposes.
a user can use the service for other purposes.
Niantic collects geospatial data and images from your device.
if you use the service, you can use your personal data for other purposes.
Username and passwords are used to identify users.
Wayfarer users.
users can opt out of receiving sponsored gifts.
Use Niantic to track your content.
Use the service to improve your experience.
to provide you with new or additional features.
a user can use the service for any purpose.
user data.
Use the service to track your activity.
Google Fit.
Use the service to delete your personal data.
Facebook will allow you to delete your account.
if you opt in to film public spaces around points of interest and send us your video recordings, you can change your mind at any time.
users can change their mind at any time.
if you delete your account, you can delete your account.
use of your contacts’ data.
Unlock access to your device’s media storage.
if you use a cookie, you can delete your personal data.
if you use a browser that does not track your data, you can use a “Do Not Track” signal.